We are looking for postdoctoral researchers and research assistants at the PhD 
level to work on the ERC project Algorithmic Verification of String-Manipulating
Programs at Technische Universität Kaiserslautern, Germany. Research assistants 
at the PhD level will be funded for a standard duration of a PhD study at TUK 
(between 3-4 years). Postdoc researchers will initially be
funded for two years with a possibility of extension of up to four years. The
expected starting date is as soon as possible (preferably around August 2019,
but this is negotiable).

Successful applicants will help drive our effort in developing theories and/or
implementations of a fast string constraint solver (possibly building on top of
our existing solver OSTRICH https://github.com/uuverifiers/ostrich), as well as
applying them to several domains including web security, personalized online
education, program repair, and verification of parameterized systems. 

Ideally, applicants should have strong backgrounds in computer science (or
related areas like mathematics) with experience in at least one of the following
areas: logic, algorithms, programming language theory/implementation, formal
language theory, concurrency theory, and formal verification.

Research environment: successful applicants will work within the Automated
Reasoning Research Group led by Prof. Anthony W. Lin
(https://anthonywlin.github.io/). Our group enjoys close collaboration
with colleagues at Max-Planck Institute for Software Systems (also located
at the TUK campus) including Prof. Rupak Majumdar, Dr. Daniel Neider, and Dr.
Georg Zetzsche), as well as colleagues at other institutes in Germany
(e.g. Munich), UK (Oxford, Edinburgh, Birmingham, and London), Sweden (Uppsala),
Taiwan (Taipei), China (Beijing), Australia (Melbourne, Canberra), Singapore, 
and Chile (Santiago). 

For informal enquiries, please contact Prof. Anthony Lin (lin@cs.uni-kl.de).

To apply, please send a CV and a research statement in an email to Mrs. Judith 
Stengel (stengel@cs.uni-kl.de).

Early applications deadline is noon CEST on Friday 28 June 2019. Depending on 
the remaining positions available, further applications may still be considered.
